# Meeting 1

## Agenda

1. Decide on which project to work on
2. Determine group roles
3. Establish a milestone to reach before next meeting and date of next meeting

## Minutes

### Project definition
We chose the expenses app: where employees of FDM can expense back any travel claims or additional costs due to work travel. The system is to replace a current process which is very time consumind and requires lots of manual data entry and calculations.


### Team Roles
#### Project Manager
Responsible for overseeing the project and orchestrating the work of each component and team member. Offering support to other team members and helping communication.

#### Project Planner
Responsible for detailing the plan for the project, considering budget, timelines, scope, objectives etc... with reference to the software development life-cycle (SDLC).

#### Requirements Analyser
Create a structured summary of the non-functional and functional requirements of the system.  They should be able to demonstrate how stakeholder needs have been analysed and prioritised to guide development.

#### System Architecture Designer
Provide a high level overview of the architecture of the system, including technology stack, system components, database structure and interactions between elements.

#### User Interface Designer
Create User interface mock-ups demonstrating the visual layout and user interaction design of the system. This should demonstrate usability considerations and align with user requirements.